style: convert future tense to present tense (#3717)
mintlify/docs: customize/custom-scripts.mdx

## Custom CSS

> Add CSS files to your repository and their defined class names are applied and available in all of your MDX files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add CSS files to your repository to apply their defined class names and make them available in all of your MDX files.
```
